Jetraw Core
===========

Jetraw is a raw image compressor designed to overcome the limitations of
classical algorithms and provide a solution adapted to a modern environment,
where power efficiency, transmission speed, transparent integration and the
quality of advanced image post-processing techniques are central to the user
experience.

Traditionally, lossless compression algorithms have been power-hungry, and
provided a compression ratio of 2:1 at most. Lossy compression algorithms had
been designed mostly for distribution, i.e. for developed images seen by the
human eye. When these "visually-lossless" algorithms are used on raw images,
they limits the performance of advanced post-processing techniques that rely on
recovering weak or hidden signals.

Jetraw achieves the high compression ratios of lossy compression while
preserving the advantages raw images have for processing. Minute signals, even
when buried in noise, remain recoverable. This is particularly relevant for
recent Machine Learning techniques that have been shown to achieve superior
performance when applied to raw images (better image quality, speed and memory
usage). Any technique that works on raw images will work unmodified on jetraw
images.

To achieve its high performance across the above mentioned metrics, Jetraw uses
a physical model of the image sensor when used under the specific sensor
settings. The calibration parameters are saved into a ".dat" file which then
typically contains all the information needed to prepare images from a given
camera model (e.g. Leica M11) under all its settings. Once images are prepared,
they can be losslessly compressed/decompressed.

.. image:: ../_static/jetraw_core_image_preparation.png
   :alt: Jetraw Platform 
   :width: 800px
   :align: center

Jetraw Core is the implementation of the Jetraw image compression algorithm, and
comes as a Command Line Interface, a shared library, a GUI and a VHDL
implementation, for deployment to an FPGA.

Contents
--------
   
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Explore our documentation:

   jetraw_ui
   c_tutorial
   fpga